In our system, a critical part is the registration and the following authentication. This concept keeps valid for every kind of user withing the platform.
In the system, 3 type of user are made available.
The most important one is the Organization Owner. It is responsible of deploying the entire organization and managing every user contained in it. More of that will be discussed later.
The other roles are the Assignee and the Manager. The assigne is considered to be the last in the logistic chain, responsible for completing tasks and managing its own notes for the AI report system to work.
Finally, the Manager actor inherits everything from the assignee, but he is granted some major capabilities, such as managing tasks, creating subtasks and all things related to them.


There are multiple methods for end-users to access the platform. Initially, users can utilize Google and Facebook APIs, which allow them to conveniently access the platform using their existing accounts. Additionally, a proprietary system for account creation and management will be provided.\\
Here is the authentication structure flow:
\begin{itemize}
    \item  An anonymous user initiates a login request.
    \item A subsequent sign-in request is made, utilizing the sign-in APIs mentioned above.
    \item  Once authenticated, the user is granted access to the platform.
\end{itemize}
In the event that a user forgets their credentials, a password recovery system will be available. This system will send an email to the user containing a recovery link.

The organization owner holds full system capabilities. It is their responsibility to add and remove users, as well as create the organization itself. They are also tasked with paying the subscription for the service, calculated based on the platform usage rate and managed through external banking APIs.
More of that will be discussed in later sections.


As an assignee, my primary responsibility is to add notes and edit task statuses based on the daily workload. Additionally, a manager also has the permission to create subtasks.

This critical aspect involves several components:
\begin{itemize}
\item Definition of the status (modifiable during the lifecycle of the subtask).
\item Nomination of the manager, as well as the assignees.
\item Definition of recursive permission parameters (further details below).
\item Naming and description of the task.
\end{itemize}

Managers also have the permission to delete subtasks, whether completed or not.

Furthermore, managers gain the capability to request a report. This request should include details such as the inquiring task, its type (AI-managed or not), its prompt, and its frequency. The notification system will inform the targeted users via email or in-app notification.